What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

I think what happens is that it will track what are the files and directories in
a given directory where git is initialized initially. So it would be like tracking
from initially nothing to what are the files and directories in a given directory
where git is initialised.

Why do I need to do it manually and not automatically done by Git is that I might
have some files or directories that I dont want Git to track. So in order to do
that, the only option is that I have to do it manually.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

Staging area differs from working directory and repository in the sense that it
is an intermediate between them. Working directory doesn't go straight to repository
rather than it is added first to the staging area. I think the benefit it offers
is giving the user flexibility to choose on what to commit. It is beneficial because
users might not want to commit every file in their repositories since it might be
private to be shared with others.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

To make sure I would have one commit per logical change is by using git add command
to move the files/directories I want to commit from working directory to staging
area. This is useful because what will be commited is the files/directories that
are in the staging area, not working directory.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

Branches would be helpful if I want to make changes to my current project but not
wanting it to be potentially harmful to my master project because it might be the
case that my master/current project is buggy and I want to fix it, but I would 
lose all of my progress on the change I'm planning to make if I commit my debug
version.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

Diagrams help me in the way that I know which is the parent of every nodes in the
branch and it helps me to visualize what could go wrong if I commit from a detached
head and not creating a new branch before hand since it would result in the lost
of the commit itself.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

The result of merging two branches is that it makes new commit whose parents are
the last commits from each branches merged and lies in the branch checked out.
It is represented the way it is in the diagram because it is just like the branches
commited are merged into the checked out branch, so the coins branch, for example,
will merge into the master branch.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

I think the pros of having an automatic mergin system from Git is that it is effortless
to merge two or more commits. On the other hand, if we were to do this manually,
it would be a lot of labour work from comparing to choosing which changes included
and so on.
